README.md, before:

# Neural Search Pills

## Foundational concepts
- [What is Neural Search?](pills/neural-search.md)
- [What is Question Answering?](pills/question-answering.md)

## Retrieval
- [Sparse retrieval: Bag-of-words, TF-IDF](pills/sparse-bow-tfidf.md)
- [Sparse retrieval: BM25](pills/sparse-bm25.md)
- [From sparse representations to Language Models](pills/from-sparse-to-lm.md)
- [Dense Passage Retrieval](pills/dpr.md)
- [Sentence Transformers for Dense Retrieval](pills/sbert.md)
- [Retrieve and Re-Rank](pills/retrieve-re-rank.md)
- [Retrieval Evaluation](pills/retrieval-evaluation.md)

## Question Answering
- Machine reading at scale (Retriever + Reader)
- Transformer Reader Models
- Question Answering Evaluation
- Generative Question Answering: RAG, LFQA

## Neural Search Ecosystem
- Vector Search
- Document Stores and Vector Databases
- FAISS
- Neural Search Frameworks

## Misc on Neural Search
- Question Answering on Tables
- Question Generation
- GPL: Generative Pseudo Labeling
- CLIP: Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training

## Other
- Natural Language Inference models and Zero-Shot Classification
- Model Distillation

Commit message:

new pill on machine reading at scale

README.md, after:

# Neural Search Pills

## Foundational concepts
- [What is Neural Search?](pills/neural-search.md)
- [What is Question Answering?](pills/question-answering.md)

## Retrieval
- [Sparse retrieval: Bag-of-words, TF-IDF](pills/sparse-bow-tfidf.md)
- [Sparse retrieval: BM25](pills/sparse-bm25.md)
- [From sparse representations to Language Models](pills/from-sparse-to-lm.md)
- [Dense Passage Retrieval](pills/dpr.md)
- [Sentence Transformers for Dense Retrieval](pills/sbert.md)
- [Retrieve and Re-Rank](pills/retrieve-re-rank.md)
- [Retrieval Evaluation](pills/retrieval-evaluation.md)

## Question Answering
- [Combining document retrieval and machine comprehension for Question Answering](pills/machine-reading-at-scale.md)
- Transformer Reader Models
- Question Answering Evaluation
- Generative Question Answering: RAG, LFQA

## Neural Search Ecosystem
- Vector Search
- Document Stores and Vector Databases
- FAISS
- Neural Search Frameworks

## Misc on Neural Search
- Question Answering on Tables
- Question Generation
- GPL: Generative Pseudo Labeling
- CLIP: Contrastive Language-Image Pre-Training

## Other
- Natural Language Inference models and Zero-Shot Classification
- Model Distillation
